Previously on SEAL Team...
See the doctor.
See what he says,
and then we'll talk
about deployment.
Doc says I don't get
deployable status,
that's it, we're done.
We're not gonna be out
on the street because
you missed one deployment.
You can't pay the mortgage,
you generally end
out on the street.
So you're telling me
you don't need any surgery?
Nope.
Doc fixed me up with some
heavy-duty anti-inflammatories.
Told me not to bench
with a straight bar.
Huh?
Stop being worried.
I'm good.
I had fun last night.
Maybe we can do it again
later in the week.
CLAY:
The only thing worse than not
seeing you for the
next three months
would be never seeing you again.
What are you doing?
Will you marry me?
I want to come _home.
Do you really think we
ought to be talking about
big life decisions?
Come on, what do you want me
to do-- open up some
tactical training business?
ALANA: Nobody kicks down
doors forever.
STEVE:
TOC, this is Echo Team.
Approaching target.
TOC, this is Echo 1.
Breach in place.
Preparing to assault.
TOC: Copy, Echo 1.
You are clear for entry.
Get in there.
Go, go, go.
Last man!
JASON:
You know what? Okay.
It's mostly
just a little sand there
in the pressure restrictor,
but you should be good to go.
Well, at least
Emma won't have an excuse
to use my shower anymore.
Speaking of Emma,
she's at Cathy's tonight, right?
Sleepover?
And, uh, Mikey--
he's at practice,
so maybe we should
check out the pressure here...
...see how it works for us,
right?
How come you always
turn into such a horndog
before deployment?
You know, it's
on my checklist...
Really?
...for my SEAL
deployment, yeah.
Mm. You know
where you're going?
We're picking up
from, uh, Steve
and, uh, Echo Team,
you know, from
J-Bad, probably.
We'll find out
more next week,
what's going on.
You know, I made a reservation
for me and the kids
out at Splash Country.
Well, did Emma--
she kick and scream?
Nah, we've been going there
before your deployments
since she was six.
Yeah.
Think she likes
the tradition.
She asked me if, uh,
you were coming this year.
Oh.
Right, well, you know,
I just assumed that,
because of the year
that we had...
No, I know.
So did I. It's just,
I don't know-- the way
things have been going,
I thought maybe we
could give it a shot?
Okay, yeah,
let's do it.
Jason, if this doesn't
feel right, we don't...
we don't have to force it.
Alana, It's good.
Let's do this, okay?
Okay.
All right?
All right. Then I'll
tell the kids tonight.
They'll be
really excited.
Perfect.
Hey, I got to pick up Mikey.
He's out at Hampton Roads.
You want to come?
Ah, I told Sonny
I'd work out with him.
On a Saturday night?
Well, it's on his checklist
before deployment.
Right.
Then I guess
I'll talk to you later.
Yeah.
SONNY: I got-I got...
one more, one more.
One more?
All right.
Let's go.
Yeah? Monster, man. Monster.
285 for seven.
That's a PR, right there.
Yeah?
Put it on the board.
I always lose so much damn
muscle when we end up deploying.
Something in the air
gets in my food,
makes me not
have an appetite.
That's called adrenaline.
It's called dirt.
Goat dung.
And despair.
Goat dung, eh? Didn't know
you were such a philosopher.
The Quinns come from a long line
of warrior poets.
You know, we used to advise
the ancient kings in Tara.
Yeah, look it up.
Right?
Make sure you look,
uh, after Spenser
when we're
over there.
Got it?
I ain't babysitting pretty boy
over there.
You forgetting something?
You remember how Ray
took care of you
on your first cycle?
The only thing Ray looked after
was making sure that my ass
went through the door first.
Look after him.
Yeah.
Eric, what the hell?
Little busy
for the weekend, huh?
Yeah, well,
we got a little
something going on.
Yeah, I can see that.
What is it?
One of our teams in Afghanistan,
they ran into something.
Casualties?
of understanding the situation,
but as intel comes in,
I'll keep you informed.
That's the best I can promise.
Yeah, okay.
Look, uh,
if you got any plans
tonight, put 'em on hold.
That bad?
MAN:
Uh, Lieutenant?
Be right there, Nathan.
Just stick around,
all right?
Naima? Babe, I'm home.
I got those lights for the porch
we talked about.
About, you know,
the-the black ones
with the, uh,
soft finish?
LEDs are built in, which
I don't love, but...
they'll last forever,
so we're good, right?
Great.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
What... what'd I say?
Nothing. They sound good.
Okay, you want
to talk about something.
No.
I just got an interesting
phone call today.
From your doctor.
What, um...
what doctor?
Uh, the one you
canceled on last week.
The one you
told me you saw.
Who gave you the big
thumbs-up for deployment.
That doctor.
Doesn't ring a bell.
Raymond Perry...
Okay, all right.
I didn't go see him.
Yeah, obviously.
I didn't need to, babe.
It's better.
I swear. Otherwise...
You wouldn't have lied to me?
Look, I just didn't
want you to worry, okay?
It is better.
Naima, I was just
in Iraq, all right?
Doing my job.
And-and-- not a problem.
So why are you
hiding tramadol
in your sock drawer?
Hey, I'm your wife.
I occasionally
launder your socks.
It's for flare-ups.
All right?
All the guys carry it.
You shouldn't lie to me.
No matter what it is.
I can take it.
That's my job.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Does Jason know?
Jason knows all he has to.
Take it.
Hey.
Yeah, man,
hold on.
It's Spenser.
I told him I'd meet him up at
the dealership up on Lynnhaven.
Fine.
But I have 12 days to talk you
out of this insanity.
And I'm gonna
be doing a lot talking.
Yeah, man. I'm on my way.
CLAY:
That's not a problem.
RAY: No, that is.
Ithought
you liked your car.
Yeah, I do
like my car.
Okay.
No, I just, uh, you know,
maybe it'd be nice
to have something
to come home to.
We are still talking
about the car, right?
I mean, that's what
you wanted my help with--
figuring out which one
you want to get?
Yeah, you know, you, uh,
order it on deployment,
don't pay any tax.
You think I'm crazy, don't you?
Ask her to marry me,
and I've only known her
a couple months.
Not if you want to marry her.
I did when I asked her.
Yeah, you did.
Lying in that hospital bed,
high on china white,
fresh off seeing your life
flash in front of you
down that hole in Al
You're damn right
you wanted to, then.
Question is, do you want to
in the cold light of morning?
You think I don't.
I think the fact we're having
this conversation is, uh,
not a very good sign.
Dude, I just, you know,
I really like this girl a lot.
Oh, yeah, that's what
every girl wants to hear.
"I like you a lot."
You're-you're
gonna stand there
and tell me that, with Naima,
you just, you knew.
One day-- boom,
that's it, you knew.
13 years ago, Clay.
13 years, four months and...
eight days.
Oh, my gosh.
You're kidding me.
She was the night nurse on duty
and I was the guy bleeding
all over her new white shoes.
Crawled right across 'em.
I didn't know Naima served.
She didn't.
She was subbing at the ER
at Henry Ford Hospital
in Detroit.
I was still at Team 3 doing a
urban assault training rotation
when me and a couple guys
mixed it up with some locals
outside_ a club
on Wyoming Street.
Ended up with me
about three pints low,
going into shock.
Looked up, saw Naima.
She saved me that night.
Every night since.
Man, I had no idea.
Look, let's just say
the Ray you're looking at--
that wasn't always me.
Back then, I was angry.
And stupid.
Not a good combination.
All changed that night.
It's not a choice,
for me.
That's an awfully high bar.
You asked.
Hey, what's up, Jace?
Hey, yo, look, there's something
going on downrange.
Um, I think it's Echo.
How bad?
It's bad.
Helo crash?
JASON: It could be.
I need you to get down here.
All right, I can be there
in 20 minutes.
I got Spenser with me.
Well, bring Spenser.
Hello?
JASON: Hey, look, it's me.
I'm-I'm calling
because, uh...
Look, there's
a, uh, a situation, um,
in J-Bad with one of our teams.
Did they lose anyone?
Well, it's unclear.
God.
Hey, listen,
is Emma still at Cathy's?
Yeah, I told you,
she's spending the night.
Oh, my God. Not Steve.
I don't know.
It's really unclear.
They're reporting him
as missing right now.
I just, um...
I just need you
to get down there
and get her out of there
before there's
any kind of notification.
Just get her out of there.
Yeah, okay, okay, mm-hmm.
Call you later.
All right.
They really use these things
_ to calculate
their breaching charges?
Yeah, they're called
construction calculators
for a reason.
I'm glad to see they...
still using hammers, at least.
Oh, yeah, they're good
for putting a new deck
onto your hooch.
Or cracking
a Tali sentry's skull.
But I guess they use tomahawks
for that now.
No, no, not since
that Times article.
Apparently tomahawks are
cruel. Haven't you heard?
Oh, and hammers aren't?
Honestly, I can't
keep track.
With all these restrictions,
this almost
makes me glad
I'm not deploying.
Yeah, almost.
I know you miss it.
I'll miss you.
It's funny-- I was
always the one leaving.
It sucks staying behind.
Yeah, now you know
how all those ladies felt.
What ladies?
Mm-hmm.
How long you staying, anyway?
Uh, while you're gone?
Yeah.
Couple weeks, at least.
Mm, couple weeks, huh?
If that.
It's not like there's anything
keeping me here.
Nice. Really nice.
Oh.
Yeah, Jason?
Hey, help me get the
stuff back in the car.
Appreciate you all
coming in so quickly.
I know you're all wondering.
So here it is.
Last night, at approximately
0100 hours local time,
DEVGRU Team Echo was on their
second mission of the night.
It was a follow-on
operation
in the Khush Gumbad
neighborhood
of Jalalabad.
BLACKBURN:
The target was a
private residence.
They breached
the structure,
made entry. Seconds
later, there was...
an explosion.
JASON:
What are we talking--
bodyguards with S-vests
or the whole place
just rigged?
Yeah.
Probably all that.
Survivors?
None that we know of.
SONNY: So you're
telling me that all...
six guys are dead.
The casualty notification teams
are en route.
Damn it.
Echo Team was
handing off to us.
I just talked to Steve Porter
yesterday.
Right.
Uh... the squadron
is now down a full team.
Which, as you know,
is an_ untenable
Situation.
To remedy it,
Command has asked that your
date of deployment be moved up.
To when?
You leave in 18 hours.
Any tidying up you need do
on the personal front,
now's the time
to do it.
Any questions?
How's Cindy?
You can imagine.
They find out anything,
or you can't say?
Not much.
It was a follow-on.
One guy leads one team from one
one location to another and...
house just dropped on 'em.
Suicide bomber?
That's what it
sounds like.
Jason...
CINDY: We were supposed
to go to Coronado, you know?
Kids have never been, and...
it's where he did BUD/S,
so...
...he'd always
wanted them to see it.
He said, "You don't know
what a real ocean feels like
until you've nearly
drowned in the Pacific."
He was a tough bastard.
CINDY:
Yeah.
Not tough enough.
None of us are.
I am such a clich.
But, God, you don't know,
do you...
until it happens to you?
Naima and I were gonna
take Cathy and Robert to the
Dairy Queen on Atlantic.
Maybe go to the
aquarium after?
Yeah. That's good.
Being here
is just...
it's too sad.
It's okay. We'll
get 'em stoned
on Oreo Blizzards and
pop by to see the otters.
Thank you.
Otters are good.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I miss him so much.
We're family.
We're gonna get through this.
All right?
It's okay,
it's okay.
Hey, how's little man doing?
Watching Adventure Time
with Sonny.
Sonny really knows a lot
about Adventure Time.
Yeah.
We gonna talk sometime?
I mean, I guess it's moot now.
What, about deployment?
What am I supposed
to do, Naima?
Nothing.
You're going. I know.
My mom's gonna be here,
and I'm gonna go back to work,
and everything's gonna be fine.
Till it's not.
Hey, stop that.
Ray, I'm just...
I'm worried.
Babe, I'm gonna be fine.
Believe me.
But I got to take care
of this stuff.
Those men?
They were my brothers.
Just promise me
if your shoulder acts up,
you'll take yourself out.
I told you, honey,
I will get it checked out.
No, Ray,
you'll take yourself out.
These kids-- they don't
have a father anymore.
You understand?
Cindy doesn't
have a husband.
Promise me.
Okay.
I promise.
Liar.
: Oh, come on.
Stop that. Stop, stop, stop.
I'll get this one.
I'll go relieve Sonny.
DANNY: Hey, you.
Hey.
Danny.
Ray.
Thought you had your hands full
with load in.
Or you should
have your hands full. What...
wheels up in six hours.
And 27 minutes.
We're gonna be fine.
How's Cindy?
She's okay.
Let's get you some coffee.
Oh, you know what?
You came up just in time.
We ran out.
Give me a break, Perry.
I'll make some coffee.
Where's the kitchen?
I like him.
Me too.
This sucks, Ray.
Yeah. I know.
Supposed to be my job.
Oh.
Well, there's really
not much left to do here
but just drink it.
Oh, well, for that,
I brought my own.
Nice.
Danny, by the way.
Sorry. Um, Stella.
Nice to meet you.
Are you, um...
are you Bravo Team
or Charlie, Delta,
whatever?
I'm sorry, I don't...
No, no, not one of
those teams, but yeah.
A while ago.
Oh. No, thank you.
Thank you.
It's really hard.
Yeah, hardest part
of war, pretty much.
How do you mean?
What comes after.
CLAY:
There you are.
Cool, man.
Good to see you.
How you doing?
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah.
I'm gonna
go bring the coffee.
Oh, thank you,
thank you.
Nice to meet you.
Really interesting guy.
Just gonna put this in the...
Uh, so, I-I owe you an apology.
You do?
Yeah.
Okay.
Look, the other night
in the hospital,
what I asked you-- I...
I shouldn't have_
put you In that posntlon.
Well, in your defense, you
were on a lot of morphine.
I'm serious.
All right, look,
I-I know that we're not
ready to get married, okay?
I'm not gonna make you say it.
Okay.
Um...
Thank you, actually.
Really, I-I... Ijust...
I wasn't_ sure how
to say It myself.
Okay.
Yeah.
So we can just...
we can go back to how we were
before the hospital
the other night?
Yes, just having fun
getting to know each other.
All right.
But we're not picking out
baby room colors.
N... Heavens, no.
Listen, um...
I'm actually gonna...
I think I should leave,
'cause I feel a little weird
being here when I'm not family.
All right, well,
let me drive you.
No, no, no. You stay.
Stay.
No, I want to.
Okay.
All right.
I just got to say good-bye
to some people.
Oh, all right.
I'll be right there.
I just have to make
a quick call, okay?
Okay.
What's going on?
This is going on forever...
but it's good.
Aquarium's got some
special otter thing at 1:30.
Cindy said the kids
have been dying to see it.
You have to reserve seats
or aprons or something.
That's great.
We'll leave in an hour?
Sunday, though. Beach traffic.
Maybe sooner?
Um,
wheels up at
1730,so".
Still time to say good-bye
to the kids.
You know,
I guess, um,
Splash Country is out.
So, what do you want
to tell the kids?
You mean about us?
What do you want
to tell 'em?
We never really decided
on anything, did we?
Well, now's not
really the time.
No, it's never
You want to get
into this now?
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
You got work to do.
I thought we'd have a few days,
a week away from work
when it could be...
when it could be
just us, the family,
but... I don't think
it's ever gonna be that again.
I didn't think that we'd
get hit like this, Alana.
Yeah, but if it wasn't this,
this horror,
it would be something else.
It doesn't want
to let you alone, Jace.
It neve lets you alone.
Never does.
Yeah.
I see that.
Come on, I know you.
I'm the love of your life.
But I don't think
I should be your wife anymore.
I know you've been trying,
really trying
to talk with me more
and share with me
what you can.
I know how hard
it is for you,
how the closer you get
to rejoining this family,
the more you feel like
_ there's a noose
tightening around your neck.
Not 'cause you don't want
to be part of the family.
It's just 'cause your other
family's got too tight a hold.
I'm sorry.
I can't. I can't
share you anymore.
Yeah.
WOMAN :
Hello, ma'am.
Are you there
Take it. Take it.
Jason...
Take it.
Uh, yes, I'd like
to reserve four tickets
for the Otter Experience.
Two adult and
two children.
The name is Alana Hayes.
What's going
on, slugger?
Just getting my head right.
Getting your
head right, yeah.
What?
Watching this crap?
Yeah.
Keep my mind empty,
so I can fill it with
all the hate I can muster up...
get 'em sons of bitches
that killed our brothers.
This the part where you, uh,
supposed to tell me
to keep my head on straight,
keep my ass in line, or one of
the many Jason pearls of wisdoms
that you drop at these times?
Not gonna say a word.
And thank God
there aren't, uh,
many times like these
in the near future.
*
Amen.
I need to get after 'em, Jace.
We will.
Hey.
We'll get 'em.
NEWS ANCHOR :
Thank you, Richard.
Right now, this is all we know.
The Defense Department
is confirming
that several members
of the Naw's elite
Special Warfare
Development Group,
commonly knows as SEAL Team 6,
have been killed
in an encounter
with the Taliban forces
in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
DOD is confirming
the names of the dead
as Chief Petty Officer
Robert Johnson,
Senior Chief Petty Officer
Steven Porter,
Petty Officer Richard Williams,
No!
...Petty Officer Chris Hall,
Petty Officer Michael Miller,
and Petty Officer Ramon Garcia.
We'll have further details
for you as we learn them.
(phones continue
ringing and buzzing)
*
Gentlemen.
What's up, Deke?
Hey.
What's going on?
Good to see you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Deke.
Assuming you guys got
the broad strokes on the plane?
Yeah.
RAY:
Oh, yeah.
Well, unfortunately,
at this point,
that's all we got,
is the broad strokes.
Anything you can tell
us outside the brief?
Yeah.
Echo was out
on a routine hit. No name
on the target. Basically,
just a digital silhouette.
Burner cell phone being used
to call phones
that belong to the group
we've been going after.
So, anyway, when we first
got here a couple months ago,
we were rolling up some
couriers, low-level bomb-makers.
Even getting a few to flip.
The problem was,
the brass had gotten so uptight
about kicking the wrong doors.
Every time we'd get a tip
for a follow-on target,
we'd have to sit on it and wait
until we could finally get
somebody to green-light.
Well, that just gives time
for the bad guys
to change things up.
Yeah.
DEKE:
So, a few weeks ago,
brass decides to
take the leash off,
let us start hitting the
follow-on targets immediately
before the bad guys
could change it up.
So, all of a sudden,
we're doing some damage, man.
Yeah.
We grabbed some
mid-level commanders,
killed another one
when his bodyguard clacked off
his S-vest too early.
Anyway, that night,
Echo tracks the target phone
to a house outside of J-Bad.
All right, like I said,
it's routine.
They take the door.
There's one fighting-age male
on target inside-- Tariq Jamala.
Now, turns out Jamala
is a small-time local
real estate developer.
He's got a bunch
of rental properties
all over the city.
Field interrogation before
they throw him on a helo,
he says that one of his other
properties just happens
to be where Hamid Gul Baladur
is spending the night.
A quick refresher?
Here's an organizational chart
of the Halani Network.
Boom, boom, boom.
JASON:
There he is.
Baladur's number two.
So, Echo loads Tariq
onto the helo.
Fly over to the house where
he claims Baladur is staying,
and they tell him that
he's going inside with them.
They take the door,
and boom-- the whole place
comes down on our boys.
Brass's working theory?
Baladur's
bodyguard clacked off
his S-vest.
Pretty big blast for an
S-vest if you ask me.
Could have been multiple S-vests
set off simultaneously.
So, the brass just
wants to assume
that the intel is good,
and Baladur's dead,
and he's underneath that
rubble with our guys.
How long till we
know for sure?
So, the FBI forensics team
got delayed
a little bit getting in there.
We're actually just going
through it right now.
We did not deploy two weeks
early to wait on the FBI.
You guys want
to occupy yourselves?
Oh, yeah.
You should take a hop
on over to Shinwar.
Have a sit-down
with Qasim Zadran.
Yeah, that rings a bell.
RAY:
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. So, Zadran is just about
the biggest warlord
this side of Kandahar.
Ain't nothing much moves around
these parts except by his leave.
So, if anybody would know
what went down in that house
that night, it'd be Zadran.
JASON:
What do you say, Ray?
Huh? Want to go sit down
with a warlord?
Thank you for your hospitality,
Sheik Qasim.
You know why we're here?
He says we're here
about our dead men.
Look, ask him if he knew
who they were targeting.
Hamid Gul Baladur.
Hmm.
What makes you say that?
I am the master here.
I know everything.
Including your English.
Had Americans here
for over 30 years.
You think
I wouldn't learn your language?
First, we slaughtered
the Russians together,
then Taliban and al-Qaeda.
Now, God willing, we will
slaughter Hamid Baladur.
Unless he's dead already.
Buried under that house along
with your dead soldiers?
We hope so.
Well, then, I'm sorry to be
the one to break bad news.
Baladur's alive?
You're certain?
ERIC:
He could have been
jerking your chain.
JASON:
Well, that's possible,
but what does
he have to gain?
I agree. I don't see
what he gains by telling us
that Baladur didn't die in the
house unless he knows it's true.
ERIC: I don't suppose
he told you
how he knew that
Baladur's alive?
IfI had to guess,
I'd say someone's seen the guy
moving around the tribals
sometime since the house blew.
ERIC:
Makes sense.
Yeah, but it doesn't
get us very far.
Where do we stand
on foren5ics?
Only DNA we've found so far are
our guys' and the informant.
Okay, well, how long till
they're done searching?
DAVIS: Sounds like
it's gonna be
another couple hours at least.
JASON: Okay.
In that time, why don't we say
we kick down some doors, right?
ERIC:
Halani Network's behind
a whole lot of doors.
JOC is worried
that this incident
could turn public sentiment
against our efforts here.
So, the more targets we hit, the
less it looks like we're about
to pack up and go home.
JASON:
If they did
set a trap for Echo, that's why.
'Cause they know
we're coming in strong.
Well, if our guys did
get led into a trap,
Tariq's the one
who led them there,
so seems to me that he's
a good place to start.
RAY:
Except, as we speak,
some FBI guy is picking Tariq's
teeth out of the ceiling tile.
Mm-hmm.
_Contacts on
Tariq's phone, um--
how many of them
are new to us?
They were all connected
to Halani except one.
The last phone call he made,
just at the same time
Echo was hitting the door.
Yeah. Maybe he was trying
to tell somebody good-bye.
What's the geolocation?
DAVIS: The phone is in an
apartment building in Kabul,
and hasn't moved
since we started tracking it.
Get this thing
greenlit for us?
I can try.
Let's go kick doors down.
Bravo 5 to Bravo 4,
door is clear.
Guy left in a hurry.
Think he maybe was tipped off?
Been here a while.
A couple days, maybe.
Which means he took off _
because he knew we were coming.
Here's the phone.
The apartment belongs
to Azim Raisani, 19.
Works for Tariq's
contracting business.
So, he left the phone.
'Cause he knows it's burned.
He knows that
about this place, too.
SONNY:
How you figure that?
Well, he's got to figure
the phone gets us here.
Kid's 19 years old,
no bad-guy record.
Maybe he don't know
we're onto him.
RAY:
Ah, except
he stripped the SIM card
from the phone.
JASON: I'm with Spenser.
Guy's not coming back.
Oh, God.
So where does that
leave us, boss?
I'll talk to his family.
Guy doesn't look like
he has any family.
Tariq's family.
CLAY:
Interrogator's
been sweating 'em since
the second that house went up.
You got answers
for everything, don't you?
Hey. What have we got to
lose? Prepare for exfil.
Good? Let's move.
Yeah.
Copy that.
Tell me what's
g0ing on there.
Why are you so
hard on the kid?
Well, you asked me
to baby-sit him.
Look at me.
I told you, we're gonna
get these guys, all right?
Roger that.
Don't take it out
on Spenser. Let's go.
Let's go.
So, the wife barely speaks.
The mother says her son
would never be involved
with terrorists.
Says he was a Wali.
Saint.
Saint walked our boys
into an ambush.
MANDY: Can she explain why
her Wa son had a phone linked
to the Halani Network?
Why he told our guys
he knew where
to find Hamid Baladur?
See, she doesn't
believe he did.
She says we must
be making it up.
Man, Tariq was her oldest
and only son.
Around here,
that is the next thing to a god.
What about Azim?
Says the same thing.
"My son would never
associate with such people."
Azim worked for her son,
so I'm pretty sure
that makes them associated.
Plus, nothing we found
at Azim's place says
that he was a militant.
I mean, what do you want me
to tell you?
Apparently, denial ain't just
a river in Egypt, right?
What about the widow?
DEKE: Ah, like I said,
she barely speaks.
Mostly defers to
the mother-in-law.
You tried talking
to her alone?
DEKE:
Wow.
Why didn't we think of that?
You try using a woman
to talk to her?
I don't have
one to use.
Can't see it making much
difference, anyway, but...
Mind if I take a crack?
DEKE: Mi casa,
su casa.
I'm terribly sorry
for your loss.
MANDY: May God bless you
and your children.
My mother-in-law
is awful, as well.
Hmm?
How did Tariq feel about her?
Essentially, "he couldn't
stand that bitch."
MANDY: Tariq's mother said
he wasn't a militant.
She says he wasn't.
Yeah, the thing is, the
mother-in-law couldn't offer
an alternate explanation
for Tariq's behavior.
We've been recreating
Tariq's pattern of life,
and he's got huge gaps in his
online presence in most days.
She says
he was living green.
Oh, she's trying
to hustle us.
CLAY: It's hard to
argue against that.
Tariq's life screams
"tradecraft."
Or a guy with
something to hide.
Can she offer _
an alternate explanation
for her husband's pattern?
His secret life?
I thought man-love was
accepted in this culture.
The widow said that the husband
fell in love with this kid Azim.
And how's that add up to her
knowing where Azim's hiding out?
She said that Tariq had a house
he never rented,
said she was supposed
to take the kids there
if it was ever bug-out time.
Speaking of which,
Deke said
the neighborhood's
pretty hostile, boss.
Take the Scooby vans.
Hey, you.
Lets us fly under the radar.
J_ASON:
We go in, we go out.
We hit the house hard,
get the kid,
and we're gone
before anyone knows we're there.
Yeah.
Man.
RAY:
Yeah, I do.
I'm calling it "hooch,"
because that's what it is.
I looked up
the definition of "hooch,"
and it just happens to be
"a lightly thatched hut."
Oh.
Thank you,
Mr. Webster.
Oh, yeah? 'Cause
you know what I got?
"Hootch, a highly inferior
whiskey." See "rot got."
See "that toilet moonshine
Sonny makes under his bed."
Only thing highly inferior
is your palate.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org